README.md, before:

# Morpheus

Morpheus is a visualization tool with the focus on visualization the the form and function of a test suite.

## Running the visualization

Before the visualization can be run, we need to setup the [backend](https://github.com/kajdreef/spidertools). 

- `yarn install`: download all the dependencies to run the visualization.
- `yarn start`: Runs the app in the development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
- `yarn build`: Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.

## Environment Variables:

By default it will request files that are placed in `public/data/`.

| Variable Name              | Goal           | Example        |
|----------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| REACT_APP_REST_API         | Configure to use the REST api instead of static files  | true |
| REACT_APP_API_ENDPOINT     | Configure the endpoint during compile time. | http://api.kajdreef.com |

For example, to change the endpoint for the visualization when running in development mode, run the following command:
`$ REACT_APP_REST_API=true yarn start`

Commit message:

Updated readme about coverage data structure

README.md, after:

# Morpheus

Morpheus is a visualization tool with the focus on visualization the the form and function of a test suite.

## Running the visualization

Before the visualization can be run, we need to setup the [backend](https://github.com/kajdreef/spidertools). 

- `yarn install`: download all the dependencies to run the visualization.
- `yarn start`: Runs the app in the development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
- `yarn build`: Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.

## Environment Variables:

| Variable Name              | Goal           | Example        |
|----------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| REACT_APP_REST_API         | Configure to use the REST api instead of static files  | true |
| REACT_APP_API_ENDPOINT     | Configure the endpoint during compile time. | http://api.kajdreef.com |

For example, to change the endpoint for the visualization when running in development mode, run the following command:
`$ REACT_APP_REST_API=true yarn start`

## Coverage data:

By default it will request files that are placed in `public/data/`. As a result the directory structure looks as following:

```
public/data
├── coverage
│   └── projects
│       ├── 1
│       │   ├── commits
│       │   ├── methods
│       │   └── tests
│       └── 2
│           ├── commits
│           ├── methods
│           └── tests
└── projects
    ├── 1
    └── 2
```
